hello welcome your name césar garcía i am going high in spanish
osorio let's talk about the company and the product
the product that we promote here at night
first of all that goes from welcome Yemeni to all i escoles taraki
now I want to start with a question and it is a question who water
for example that is the first thing we have to do to be more
healthy someone can
to write good answer to decide
and it is not true that we are now
the result of the actions and decisions we had in the past
it is true that yes
and in the future we will obviously be clear the result of the actions
and decisions that the now
the one that does
and when we have to make that decision
right now already yesterday it happened right now we have to take adhesion to be
healthier
and I heard of people going on a diet but after the days of
party after the north
of the posadas after Christmas in ecuador
but they are going to put
they will go on a diet after
Today, my cousin's wedding of mitú and we put them on a diet is not true here
because to look good for photographers
but we make it a palm tree and a formula that expo formosa
what is this without your appearance but we think so much about our
Health
and it's because he or we do not think so much about our health
because we have bad habits
and we continuously know what hurts us and we keep doing it over and over
time and we are aware we must do it is not true
for example
this addition is a bad habit
and there say cigarettes packs smoking stick cancer
and people who think they stop smoking
of course not
the prelate do not exercise is bad
it's also a bad habit to be lazy is not true
If not, but the one that does
then we have bad habits
now
what hinson
the founder of our company gained over the understanding of the concept
who say Chinese can you with the enemy
füle tele
but the one that does
an old saying we also
and I think that's mixed
the product of ghana berma lución was explained a little more in the
coffee
and because in the cafe
because many people drink coffee you knew what eight out of ten people
they consume coffee
four out of five are enough is not true
maybe if you think that some people will drink their coffee
mornings
true that you are not going to achieve anything salvador forget to take yourself
in this sense alierta more this mine
they will forget to take measures to the wife to the husband to the exits of the
Havana the heron in charge
of not doing it of action drink your coffee
and because pos because it's a habit it's a habit to drink coffee
now taking vitamins is very good
but you knew that if you do not take it up to capital cities, you have not
had effect
island well you what if you do not have notes you consume minerals for the
minerals along with the dreaded ones also idle should evaluate the body as
they should
ishai a vitamin that goes around from one letter to the end
true yes
now the problem with this mine is
that cover everything for example that
that synthetic and synthetic vitamin is unfortunately not absorbed
for the body
you are spending your money is throwing it away
and if you want good vitamin D when you are paying for it it is also good
-much January because you have to have the cove there all the combinations
it is not true
we mix it with coffee
and we call it a healthy house
we do not see that he has weighed double because people did call him healthy tasting
the questions begin
with what made him healthy
has caffeine has sugar
it's coffee you start questions
now talking about coffee
with caffeine bursts is that decaffeinated coffee is a lot more
Harmful than coffee with caffeine
by the chemicals they use to take it off
then preferable to drink coffee with caffeine in that case
but not the great advantage that our coffee here has narrated axel
by throwing him
the lic the gun plain and mix it with the cape is now done that makes
a lot better instead of close after civic now it's less than cheap circus
it's alkaline
instead of having very high goat time to regulate goat and it is extraordinary